Updates Eland install command in the vector search example (#2599)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/stack/ml/nlp/ml-nlp-shared.asciidoc

tag::nlp-eland-clone-docker-build[]

> You can use the {eland-docs}[Eland client] to install the {nlp} model. Install 
> Eland by using the following Docker command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the {eland-docs}[Eland client] to install the {nlp} model or use the pre-build  
Docker image to run the Eland install model commands. Pull the latest image with:
```

[source,shell]
--------------------------------------------------
docker pull docker.elastic.co/eland/eland
--------------------------------------------------

> After the script finishes, your Eland Docker client is ready to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the pull completes, your Eland Docker client is ready to use.
```

tag::nlp-eland-clone-docker-build[]

> You can use the {eland-docs}[Eland client] to install the {nlp} model. Use the pre-build  

Author: ```suggestion
You can use the {eland-docs}[Eland client] to install the {nlp} model. Use the prebuilt  
```

> You can use the {eland-docs}[Eland client] to install the {nlp} model or use the pre-build  

Author: ```suggestion
You can use the {eland-docs}[Eland client] to install the {nlp} model. Use the pre-build  
```
